#summary Task cards - Assignment 2

= Task Cards for the Story Cards given. =

1). Add a function to the *Student* class - 'int getTeamNumberInProject(int ProjectNum)' which gets the Team Number the student in context belonged to in the mentioned Project Number. 

2). Add a function to the *Student* class - 'float getAverageContributionByTeamMembers(int ProjectNum)' which gets the average contribution given to the student by his team Members in the specified Project Number. 

3). Add a function to the *Student* class - 'float getGradeForAssignment(int AssignmentNum)' which gets the student's grades for the given Assignment Number. 

4). Add a function to the *GradesDB* class 'float getTeamGrade(int TeamNumber, int ProjectNum)' which gets the Grade of a Team by the specified Team and Project Number. 

5). Add a function to the *GradesDB* class 'float getAverageTeamGradeForProject(int ProjectNum) which gets the Average Grade of Teams for the given Project number. 

6). Add a function to the *GradesDB* class 'float getAverageClassGradeForAssignment(int AssignmentNum)' which gets the Average Grade of a Class for the given Assignment number. 

7). Add a function to the *Student* class 'void saveInfo(string FilePath)' which saves all the data of the student in a file mentioned by the complete file path specified. 

8). Develop a new class *'GradesGUI'*(or any other name you like) which provides all the functionality of the User interacting with the application. It should contain the minimum member variables and items as as a Combo box, a TextArea displaying the student's information, and a Save button. 

9). Add a function in the *GradesGUI* class - 'void populateComboStudents()' which brings the name of all the students. 

10). Add a function in the *GradesGUI* class - 'void onComboIndexChanged()' which displays the complete data of the selected Student when a new student is selected on the Graphical interface - using the above written Modular functions and existing methods like but not limiting to 'getNumProjects()' and 'getNumAssignments'. 

11). Add a function in the *GradesGUI* class - 'void onSaveButtonClicked()' which asks the User for the desired file name and the Path where the file needs to be saved and then call the function Student.saveInfo(). 